Sunday/README.md, before:

## Sunday Class

## Please introduce yourself: click [here](https://flipgrid.com/344f1886)

## On Sunday, please join class using following link

Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/95132915608?pwd=Y1kyOFRBU2JLTFJBS0M0aWxTWXVjUT09

Meeting ID: 951 3291 5608
Passcode: 2ycEwZ

## 10/3/20
Machine learning road map video: (23’30” on different learning problems) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHiMN_gy9mk&t=1357s

## 9/13/2020

How Tesla works - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt-rhVU8evI

AI to help build Mars - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlbiOL9Rh1M

Assignment:

** Identify 3 cases where AI is being used in today's world or in the future. Come up with 3-5 slides to tell the class about these cases.

## 9/27/2020
Product ideas
Kevin
** A drone to drive birds away

Ben 
** Noise cancellation 
** Computer building based on a price

Edwards
** Calculator that can recognize word problems and geometry problem

Gavin Sun
** Depression detector

James
** Food growth with machinery

Victor
** AI Drone Delivery from Amazon

Commit message:

Adding speech to visual project assignment

Sunday/README.md, after:

## Sunday Class

## Please introduce yourself: click [here](https://flipgrid.com/344f1886)

## On Sunday, please join class using following link

Join Zoom Meeting
https://zoom.us/j/95132915608?pwd=Y1kyOFRBU2JLTFJBS0M0aWxTWXVjUT09

Meeting ID: 951 3291 5608
Passcode: 2ycEwZ

## 10/11/20
Assignment: Solution Design on AI Speech2Text and Keyword Extraction Presentation Enhancer.

We are going to design a tool similar to https://www.mmhmm.app/, but with automatic speech2text and Keyword extraction and visual suggestions. 

- [x] **Persona/Problem**: Luna is a teacher who teaches English as Second Language (ESL) class to young learners on Zoom. For every class, she needs to design a slideshow to show the words she is teaching. For example, for a class about animals, she has slides on dog, pig, and cow, so she needs to find all the visuals for the slideshow she is designing. It's a fairly manual process to find all these assets to create these slides. It involves a lot of drag and dropping.

- [x] **Solution**: We will create an automatic speech to visual tool, that automatically find relevant visuals as the user speak.

- [x] **User Story**: With this tool, Luna does not need to spend precious time on collecting these visuals. Instead, she just prepare a lesson plan in a document about the topics she'd like to cover, which takes significant less time. At class time, she can just start talking to her class about the topics she'd like to cover, her speech will be transcribed by our tool to text, and the tool will then extract some keywords from the text, as options for starting searches, as she tap these suggested keywords, images or other assets will be automatically found, and then as she select any image from the result, it will be shared to her class because she is sharing only a part of her screen in zoom, with the controlling part (where she select the keywords/visuals) in another screen or on her phone.

- [ ] *Solution Design*: 
  - What solution would you create? 
  - What's the name of your product?
  - Is it a mobile app or browser-based web app? 
  - Share some mockups, sketches or even interactive slides or prototypes that demonstrate how the user will be using your tool to accomplish their goals.

- [ ] *Minimum Viable Product (MVP)*: What would your MVP look like? How will you create it. Start building? (next class)
  - Some SpeechRecognition libraries that could be useful (you can find more just by searching `speech recognition api` or `speech recognizer` on Google, 
    - Web: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/demos/speech.html
    - iOS: https://github.com/AppDevGuy/OSSSpeechKit
  - Find some Keyword extractor, i.e.: https://www.npmjs.com/package/keyword-extractor
  - Find some web api for searching visual or assets? Google image api? Giphy? Flickr?
  

## 10/3/20
Machine learning road map video: (23’30” on different learning problems) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHiMN_gy9mk&t=1357s

## 9/13/2020

How Tesla works - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt-rhVU8evI

AI to help build Mars - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlbiOL9Rh1M

Assignment:

** Identify 3 cases where AI is being used in today's world or in the future. Come up with 3-5 slides to tell the class about these cases.

## 9/27/2020
Product ideas
Kevin
** A drone to drive birds away

Ben 
** Noise cancellation 
** Computer building based on a price

Edwards
** Calculator that can recognize word problems and geometry problem

Gavin Sun
** Depression detector

James
** Food growth with machinery

Victor
** AI Drone Delivery from Amazon
